ame
Good good
Ah ah ah ah
The other is Takeoka key of Thai journalists on sale early fee popularity buzz today is today
I would like to introduce Pip Shuttle
First of all , I would like to ask Mr. Kami, who was in charge of design, the point of design
I will
You can tell me what points this fitted car part is
First, as the design concept of Ekuseria and high stylish space form
I designed with the concept
Firm nose lobby and Kanaron as the deputy with a sense of class
Is your guests as the difference between death and we have Yes fit features about 50 centimeters
Jar extension is the teacher of the university
me
Hmm
Have
It is a little bit that there is a lot of secrets in the fit car wrap luggage very much
I would like you to tell me the secret, but when I paid for nursing care in my normal life
Such a small thing can be stored here when there is a luggage that is not so big
Space There are virtual That's right it is fine member born in the afternoon Yes
In entered to become a pick up picture this further, not here only this Yes Conch
To the combined fee, such as applications in the has become a table's equipment because the spacer in the luggage
It can be put together and put in the place you like
It seems that something is very useful but this
Say can Both are the same movement that would be directed which way to be
This hinge is that I also Guruhinji is say I'm world's first is this world
First no
It has become in the room
Again Is this I was thinking why this kind of Fu such things
Also part can say I a smart what room in the wagon
The third place is received by the customers who are actively using this by 振 る shake woman
This convenient than if Taku data is Nomou in at both customers and went out
Tteyuu can also be used with both I would like will be using the space
In we have proposed crowded double-hinge-like
Forecast Thank you Yes I think I can use reversible
me
Ah ah ah
The head shuttle has two models, a play model and a hybrid model, but now
is not it
I 'm trying on the hybrid model, but after all , the right is the hybrid
I have to say I would be what about
Say-liter 30 km in the best care I think made that it points to is the log number here is
I'm achieving it, so this 30 kg liter is a fit hybrid and
Though it is the same
Compared to the fitted hybrid, it is one round to say that the fitted shuttle is included
The size of the body is also large
It's has also become big minute Chottoko heavy
Yes there
Design with little air resistance
Using the part and electric motors that use the gasoline so can run well more fuel-efficient it is is after
I 've done the setting with the part well
The best in the back Lempi
It is made to taste pleasantly
Ne
This is only if the beast faith is low and it feels like it is not so fast yet used
Even people who can say that they can ride safely
I think I will be a partner
Everyone's familiar pitch fit shuttle of this little brother existence
It looks like it's fun because there are lots of tricks and the base is wide .
It's rather likely to say to
Was the one to come spread glasses Koyu of say if various style